[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: So I'm gonna go through
the process of creating a unit test for
the computed property macro
that we built is an array.
I'm going to build a component
integration test for
our GitHub org component with
a specific focus on making sure that
the contract, both the data we pass in and
the action we expect to come out,
that is in place and
doing what I expect it should be doing.
And then finally, I'm going to go
through like a relatively simple
workflow that drills through a couple
links, just kind of making sure that if
any of the routes were to
throw errors as part of
their transition process,
that would cause this test to fail.
So it's a nice sort of smoke, high-level
test that goes through a bunch of things,
and if anything breaks along that
long path, we would be alerted to it.
So first, I'm going to actually go through
and fix all the currently failing tests,
with the exception of JSHint, cuz I don't
wanna waste your guys' time doing that.
So it looks like the favorite,
something is different here about
what the component expects to be
rendered on the github-org test.
So if we go to, tests, integration and
we've got the github-org test here.
>> Mike North: So I'm gonna comment this
out, so we're only dealing with one test
at a time,
one set of restrictions I should say.
And what we're basically seeing if we
look at the green versus the red here,
we're seeing that we expect
an empty string here.
And what we're instead seeing as
the text inside this component.
The textual representation of
this component is favorite and
some square brackets.
And we know that's
exactly what we intended.
So, I'm gonna use an ES6 string.
Little known advantage
of ES6 strings is that
multiline string literals are really easy.
So, gonna delete that.
>> Mike North: And then one more.
>> Mike North: And this should pass.
My next error is that it expects two
assertions, but only one was run.
That is coming from this here.
So this is part of the initial test
that Ember CLI created for me.
I have commented out one
of the two assertions.
I'm gonna fix this by just
uncommenting this, and
I know we're also going to
hit the same test failure.
So I'm gonna just copy this
string into the expected result.
I'm deliberately deleting
template block text, so
it is seeing template block text
in the actual rendered component,
but it's not expecting that.
>> Speaker 2: They're asking if you
can make the text smaller in your
text editor, or maybe just
make the split screen a little bit-
>> Mike North: Better?
>> Speaker 2: It's hard when they're
scrolling back and forth, so.
Does that still look okay on the video?
[INAUDIBLE] Recording.
Thanks.
>> Mike North: So here,
what I'm gonna do is delete yield,
because I don't really care about
this component working in block form.
I currently am just using it in line form,
and this is just gonna be
an end line component.
So, I'm gonna hide the passed tests.
Just so
we've got three failing tests left.
GitHub-repo component,
so test integration,
and then we've got this GitHub-org test.
Basically the same problem.
Sorry, GitHub-repo, repo test.
Basically the same problem here
where we have to give it forks,
watchers, and close the string.
This is not really an effective test,
it's because I don't have any
data being passed into it,
I'm running into a problem here.
Prince.
>> Speaker 3: What are you
doing with this, Prince?
>> Mike North: I think I may
run into an additional problem.
Cuz my editor is deleting
[LAUGH] trailing spaces.
All right, we're gonna leave that one for
the time being, cuz I'm gonna fix that by
providing some real data and
we won't have trailing spaces anymore.
So.
>> Speaker 4: I'm sorry.
>> Mike North: Yes.
>> Speaker 4: Can I ask a question?
>> Mike North: Sure.
>> Speaker 4: Would you,
I mean I know we didn't do this TDD
where you put up the test first.
Ember had stopped us out of test,
but could you talk just for a second
about the concept of this specific test,
like what are we gonna test?
>> Mike North: Yes.
>> Speaker 4: And
what's a good test, for this?
>> Mike North: Right.
So for
the GitHub-repo component,
I'm actually gonna skip that,
cuz I wanna, I'll give you one good
example of our more complex component.
So I'll tell what I aim to do
with the GitHub or a component.
I want to verify that it
behaves as I expect, and we can
think about what that means, but behaves
as I expect when I pass no data in at all.
I wanna verify that it behaves as I
expect when I pass in an org with,
it's a positive test case where it has
an ID, and I will verify that name is
in fact rendered in the DOM
when that is passed.
And then I'm going to change the org.
I'm gonna make sure that
the data binding actually works.
Change the org, and
verify that the DOM changes in response.
And then finally, I'm gonna
programmatically click the little favorite
link to the left of the org.
And verify that the correct
action is fired, and
that the word favorite
changes to unfavorite.
So at a high level, this is
verifying that it works as expected,
and that the component with
no arguments case doesn't
completely blow up and
throw a bunch of errors.
At worst, like it would be acceptable
if it just rendered some stuff but
it was like there were some blanks
that hadn't yet been filled in.
That's acceptable compared to
throwing an exception of some sort,
which would be unacceptable.
All right, and I like that approach,
so I'm gonna actually, as I go
into the acceptance test, kind of explain
where I'm going with that as well as I go.
So here, passing in template block text.
Let's see, so I expected this.
The result I got was this here.
And looks like I need
to add the same thing.
>> Mike North: Then I'm just gonna grab
this, let it run, see where we're at.
So that's there, and
then this is going to.
>> Mike North: I just wanna make sure
I'm looking at the correct test here.
So we expected,
let me comment this one out just so
I know which test I'm looking at.
>> Mike North: So
we expected this and got this.
>> Mike North: Followed by the forks and
the watchers.
All right, now this makes sense to me.
So I'm actually gonna do.
>> Mike North: I'm gonna
replace all the spaces, and.
>> Mike North: Is that what
I'm actually doing here?
>> Mike North: Changed my mind, I'm
just gonna add a couple new lines here.
>> Mike North: So
no one see what's wrong here?
>> Speaker 5: You took out table block
text from your rendered block, so
now it's not expecting temper block text.
>> Speaker 2: This looks good now.
Move closer.
>> Mike North: This is closer.
So now comment out,
take a look at this one.
This actually looks good as well.
And I'm gonna put something in here.
ABC, and I will expect that to be here
with what looks to be four or five spaces.
Four or five new lines.
Try it one more.
>> Speaker 6: It's just trailing space.
>> Mike North: Yeah,
it could just be trailing space.
So.
>> Speaker 2: Somebody said you still
have a leading space issue?
>> Mike North: So I'm gonna start,
I'm gonna actually plug in data, and
we'll get rid of the trailing space issue.
So the way, if we look at
the comment on lines 11 and 12.
We can actually set up context,
we can set up something in
the scope of the outside world,
that we can then pass into
the component with just this.set.
So, I'm gonna create an object for
a simulated repo.
So,
>> Mike North: Ember Object extend,
or I can just create it in this case,
and a repo has a forks_count and
a watchers_count, and a name.
>> Mike North: And then,
I'm gonna pass it in.
>> Mike North: And
make it available in the context.
>> Speaker 7: So the reason that you would
use Ember Object as opposed to a plain old
Javascript object is so
that you can do like repo, sets,
and its individual property?
>> Mike North: Yep, and
it's also just to have it.
>> Mike North: And there's the name,
right after, right before, I should say.
>> Mike North: This is why
I hate the white space.
All right, so this test on the top
is passing, and then here we've got.
I'm just gonna pass the same repo.
>> Mike North: And.
>> Mike North: Render.
>> Mike North: See, forks: 32, or
99, and delete one space.
Sorry, I know this is boring.
All right, so now we're actually
done with fixing those tests, and
now we've got,
cannot read property index of undefined.
I happen to know that this is in the test
we're gonna focus on for our unit test.
If has to do with what we've implemented
in this util module we created for
is an array, that's actually
making the default unit test for
the util, which Ember CL I created for
us, blow up.
So, you can filter so that we don't
have to run all the tests over and
over again and it'll reduce some clutter,
so you can filter by a test module here.
And here we're just
looking at this util test.
Is an array test, fantastic.